Over the next couple of years.
Awesome. So I understand we've got the, uh, chief sensor
and deputy chief sensor with us.
Welcome very much, um, in those capacities
to the governance and Administration Committee.
We've got you here until, I think, uh, for,
we're just starting a minute early, about half an hour, um,
to hear from you, uh, around, uh, your annual view.
So we'll, um, open up to you if you would like
to make a few comments to the committee,
and then we'll move to, uh, questions from members.
So, welcome and over to you, Carol.
Thank you. Um, well, I'm Caroline Flore. I'm the Chief
Rupert ABT Hampton Deputy Chief Sensor.
Um, so we are both statutory appointments under
the Classification Act.
Um, we discharge functions under that act.
We serve as Chief and Deputy Chief Executive,
and we make up the board of the office,
and we are both serving our second terms.
Um, we've met with you as a committee
before, I think you broadly understand what we do.
Um, but I do have some, um, opening remarks,
but if you do need any clarification on our
functions, please let me know.
Um, so in the annual review period, we had a very busy year
and a lot to be proud of.
Um, firstly, after several consecutive years
of PO posting a financial deficit, the board
and the management team have turned this around.
Through careful management
and the implementation of an investment
and sustainability approach, we returned a surplus
of 138,000 against a projected deficit of 62,000.
Over the last three years, we've followed a simple
and clear strategy focusing on doing our core business well.
We've made prudence spending decisions
and we've reviewed our operating model
to modernize the delivery of our statutory functions.
We've been acutely focused on maximizing the impact
of the classifications we make
because they do have significant public
safety ramifications.
This has involved work to make our functions as efficient
and effective as possible
to represent good value for public money.
And we're in a position today where we are about
to procure new technology to really amplify the benefit
of our classification work.
And this has only been possible
after three years of type financial management
to replenish our cash reserves.
We work under 30-year-old legislation
that was designed in an analog era well before the internet.
Our functions were originally envisaged to ensure
that movies and other entertainment media were correctly
labeled, and that objectionable content found as part
of criminal investigations could be classified
for legal certainty.
The world has changed, and so have we.
We don't have a mandate to regulate the internet,
but by taking a public health approach
to the mandate we do have,
we are delivering tangible benefits.
The New Zealand public, the core elements
of the classification act
that we work under have stood the test of time.
And while it's not feasible to think
that we could classify every piece of content
before it's seen, we can equip people with what they need
to keep themselves and their families safe.
Um, we can also respond to the worst of the worst content
to help our colleagues in the wider system
take SWIFT investigations, potentially get it removed online
and hold offenders accountable.
So we've taken the time to review
and refine our operating model
by doing work efficiently and to a high standard.
It means we've been able to focus our very skilled
and experienced staff on the growing demand
for our forensic work.
So that is the work that's potentially, uh, going
to result in a classification of objectionable.
We're investing in new tech to support our team
and to make our services more accessible to law enforcement.
And to give you a sense of how our changes are working.
In the annual review period, 24 25,
we classified 856 forensic publications.
And as of Monday this week,
we have already classified over 1500
forensic classifications just seven months into the year.
And this has been, uh, as a result
of very careful implementation of our operating model.
Community leaders we engage with.
And they have told us that they're concerned about the
content that the young people are seeing online, not only
because of the harm that it can do, but
'cause they're largely unaware that
that extreme content might also be illegal.
Um, and it's, it is our role in legislation
to educate the public about the classification system.
So we shared their concern.
Um, we see this as basic civics education.
If people are unaware of their rights
and responsibilities under the law, then we need
to do a better job of telling them.
So we went around the country talking
with young people about their experiences
with extreme content online to inform our approach,
and we highlighted their voices in a
report that we are really proud of.
We released last year called content that Crosses the Line.
Young people told us that it's not an uncommon experience
to come across extremely harmful content,
even if they weren't looking for it.
It appears in social media, but also in group, group chats
or maybe sent to them directly.
And they were very candid with us.
Young people today are just as curious as the generations
before them, which is a natural part of growing up.
Um, but today their curiosity may lead them directly
to extremely harmful content,
and that leaves lasting impression.
They asked for supportive nonjudgmental conversations
with the adults in their lives about what they're seeing.
And so we've responded with resources, information
for parents, and a professional development training
for people who work with young people.
We recently followed up this research with a national survey
of adults and their experiences online.
And the results were broadly similar
with adults showing a mixed understanding of the law,
but with deep concern about the content.
So we've responded with explicit information about the types
of content that could be objectionable
and the actions people can take, including reporting it.
We can't be queasy about this issue anymore.
We do our best to take a modern reasoned approach
to modern complex demands within a very small budget
and small team.
We've enjoyed a constructive relationship
with the Department of Internal Affairs,
who are our monitoring agency,
but are also, uh, the investigative
and enforcement arm of the Classification Act.
And they lead policy work to improve our regulatory system.
So we are very proud of the work that we do
to keep Kiwi safe from harm.
And we are happy to talk to you through any
of it in more detail.
Thank you so much for those, uh, comments.
And we do have some questions from members.
We'll start with Reen. David.
Thank you. And yeah, thanks for those open comments.
Excellent. Same set for us.
Um, in, in the report you talk about
focusing resources on areas where there is the most harm.
So, um, I guess as an opening question on that, I'm keen
to know if you can provide some more detail about
where you see the most harm currently.
So, um, we have, um, a fixed, uh, crown funding.
And we have a small amount of funding that comes
to us from the, um, entertainment industry.
We also have fixed statutory obligations we have to, to do.
And that includes classifying films and shows
and that type of thing where we are, um,
what we are doing is shifting the balance of the work
that we were doing in that domain, making sure
that we can still do that work, but with much less time
and point it towards the forensic ification work
and the prevention and education.
So, I mean, I I I very much talk about this
as a public health issue.
Um, and we don't have all of the interventions available
to us or mandate to do it,
but we do have two very important mandates and law.
One is to classify the content
and one is to prevent, um, harm
by educating people on their rights and responsibilities.
Classifying the content is really important.
It's not a whack-a-mole exercise.
There is a lot of it out there,
but the more we classify, the more likely it is
that we can short circuit in future investigations,
particularly if, uh, law enforcement can just consult us
and say, yeah, we've already done it.
Um, and it, uh, is more likely
that internet services will take it down if they know
that it has a legal classification.
And we have evidence of that.
We work with, um, organizations like Tech Against Terrorism,
these, these types of organizations.
We set up post, um, the Terror Attacks in Christchurch.
And they essentially work with the main, uh,
social media platforms
to alert them when they're holding terror content.
And they have a framework of sort
of like, this is high alert.
If we classify something as objectional,
it will immediately go to the top of the high alert.
They spray the platforms and the content gets taken down,
and that can happen within hours.
Um, so that's a very tangible benefit
of doing more of, of this.
Yeah. So I guess the, to drill into
that question a little more, the,
what are the specific types of content
or what are, who are the specific audiences
that you think are the most at risk currently?
That's a great question. So the classification
Act is built on reducing risk of harm to the public.
And it is kind of, it gives us the power to reduce harm
to specific groups by restricting content by age.
Um, and so for decades we've been classifying films, uh,
13 M 16
because there is a kind of understanding that
that content is not appropriate.
Um, the objectionable content's not appropriate for anyone.
It is objectionable. And, um, if people aren't aware of
what types of content that is, that is,
and that's what we have found.
The New Zealand public are a little bit, um, shady on that.
We've answered that with this is what it is.
It is child sexual abuse material.
It is terror related material. It is bestiality material.
It is extreme violence and cruelty.
It is extreme sexual violence.
So that type of content, by nature
and by definition in the act is harmful.
Um, there, aside from classifying films
and, uh, giving extensive guidance to parents,
um, and whanau and teachers
and people who work with young people about other types
of harm that aren't illegal, we don't have a mandate to,
to classify the sort of sub illegal content online.
But I mean, we do lean into that mandate, our,
our information and education mandate.
So, um, our website, uh, is very popular with parents
who wanna understand, what is this game my kids are playing?
What do I need to know about it?
Um, how can I turn on the parental controls?
So I can't classify the game,
but I can inform people so
that they can make their own choices about it.
Um, yeah, supplementary, uh, yeah.
Or in your primary if you want. Oh, do you,
My, my, my question is why can't you classify the
Game? Uh,
so we can classify?
Uh, so game distributors are obliged
to get their game classified
or labeled if they are releasing it in physical copy.
In New Zealand, there is a, nobody really does that anymore.
And we like to say that the people
who buy physical copy games are generally grandmas who want
to wrap something up and put it under the Christmas tree.
Most people buy their games online these days,
and we don't, don't have a mandate to, um, classify them.
I would have to call every single one in,
and it would take me 5,000 years.
Uh, sometimes we do call them in if
we think they might be objectionable.
And, uh, in the last year we have banned a couple
of banks that are available online.
Um, but the, the act does not, um,
require online games to be classified.
And, um, 'cause I wanted to ask and, um, drift in between.
No, that's absolutely fine. Yeah. I just wanted
to ask about classifying of things online.
You can classify a movie
that might only be available on Netflix. Mm-hmm. Online
We can, so we, we operate the, uh,
commercial video on demand regime.
Yes. There are eight providers in
that regime, including Netflix.
Uh, their content has to be labeled
to a New Zealand standard,
and their way of doing that has to be approved by me.
So we work with eight provi streaming providers,
the movie providers, um, to make sure
that they classify the content in exactly
the same way that we would.
But you can't classify games. You can't classify any apps.
Are there any apps that you can classify?
Not apps. We can classify games, um,
but there isn't a requirement. Sorry.
Yeah. But not on online. Yeah.
Could, could, if you were so empowered,
could you be classifying apps
That for something to be classified by us, it needs
to be a publication.
And generally that means that it needs to be static,
which is why we can't classify websites
'cause they move around all the time.
And the thing that we looked at
and examined is different five seconds later.
So that is a real challenge.
The classification office deals with publications
and that, that, that can be quite a broad remit.
Um, but if it's a dynamic thing,
Yeah. But,
and I understand that, and,
and I'm not, I'm not challenging your
answer, I fully accept that.
I'm just trying to understand this better.
So is it because it's just too hard?
Because for instance, when this committee dealt
with some online gambling, we know
that the web address changes and it moves.
Mm-hmm. Or is it just that you're not empowered
because there will be some content on websites that
yet there might be lots of copies off,
but that web address is still the same.
Yep. Is is it that you're not allowed to go after it?
Or is it that, that you just physically couldn't catch it
because the address is always moving?
It's not that it's too hard, it's
that we don't have a mandate to classify things
that aren't publications for websites.
So a lot of the, in fact, most
of the objectionable content we classify today does come
from online, but we're not classifying the website
or the URL, we're classifying the piece
of content that was on there.
Sometimes it might be a screenshot of the website if that's
what law enforcement send decides to send us.
Um, but often it's the image
or the video that is held on a website that we classify.
And that is really important distinction
because let's say it's a, um, uh, a one minute video
of something abhor, uh, classifying that
and giving it a digital DNA means
that law enforcement can go after it on any website.
So the content is really,
the publication itself is really the most important thing
that our function can contribute
To. And, and, and
I guess the bit I'm getting to in terms
of apps and things is social media apps.
So, you know, if we think about ones
that have live streaming where we've seen
horrific things on, on live streaming from, from suicide
to torture to sorts of crimes being committed, compared
to maybe another social media platform,
which might involve some, you know, uh, there's been, uh,
examples of bullying on it, but you can't livestream
and, you know, there are dis different risk profiles,
which if they were in a video shop or a magazine shop
or whatever it might be, would have, uh,
different classifications.
If you were so empowered, could you effectively say, well,
this pla this platform, this app is, um, R
13, this one is R 16 seven is R 18
because of the sort of risk profiles attached to them.
So that's an approach that France seems to be taking Yeah.
Where they are, uh, uh, proposing to, um,
ban certain social media sites for young people
and then classify some as less harmful
so long as parents are involved.
And that looks like a classification system.
Um, the difference is that we are content regulators.
The harms from websites and apps
and social media are more than content.
They're bullying their addiction, their grooming,
their scams, the, all those types of things.
And so, um, any regulator empowered to classify them if,
if they had that mandate, would have
to probably consider all of those
Harms. So it's a
bit like you say, well, you can't buy a vape
as a 14-year-old.
And I'm saying we just don't let them into the shop.
But you are saying, well, we can't
stop 'em going to the shop.
We just can't let them have the physical product.
Yes. And there is, it's very, very difficult
to enforce it under the current,
But wouldn't it be easier if
you just didn't let them in the shop?
You're just not allowed on this platform unless you are 16,
and then you don't have to go after the individual.
Yeah. That would be a policy decision for the government.
Yeah. So gotta start from,
Thank you. So
yeah, just on where you've talked about the ability
to classify games where grandma's wrapped them up
and put 'em under the Christmas tree,
but not where they're sitting online or in an app.
I, why is that?
The law doesn't allow it.
I mean, we can call them in individual publications,
and I have, um, there are also distributors, game dis
distributors that their market in New Zealand
relies on the fact of having a credible rating.
And so they voluntarily submit their games.
But there isn't a framework that requires gaming producers
or platforms that sell games to label their content, uh,
if, if it's only online.
So it's not 'cause that there's seen to be any distinction
between what you can do in a game that you put a disc in for
and what you can do in a game that you downloaded.
It's a known gap. Yeah. Cool.
I just have a supplementary question on that too.
The, so you've talked about the restrictions
that you have in relation to, uh, have you made any, uh,
approaches or done any advocacy,
or do you have a view on whether the law needs to be updated
and whether your remit, um,
or you could do, um,
prevent more harm if you had a slightly different type
of remit, which applies more to the type of media
that people are consuming today,
rather than just focusing on, um, the types of, uh,
publications that were available when the
legislation came into force?
Um, well, firstly, um, as a regulator, and
because we have quasi-judicial functions
that are legally binding, we don't have an advocacy role.
But we, uh, participating, um, actively in all
of the policy processes that are considering exactly that.
And what we contribute is all of our research,
particularly the research we've done
with young people about their experiences, uh, we've, uh,
participated in the select committees inquiry into
online harms, for instance.
Um, what I would say is that
we see minimizing, preventing responding to content harm
as a system of levers.
Um, the levers that we have are beautiful.
The ability to classify extremely harmful pieces
of content aid in criminal investigations, um,
potentially get it taken down.
And the mandate to educate and inform.
There needs to be a middle bit if, if that is so desired by,
by the, by the government, that it puts those guardrails in
to stop people getting in the door if
that is what's desired.
But the, the functions at the other end
of the system will still be needed.
Um, so we haven't advocated
for new powers or anything like that.
In fact, what we have advocated for, if anything, is
to loosen up probably some
of the restrictions on the entertainment films and movies
and things that we do there.
We've demonstrated over the last five years
that the industry is actually really good at doing
this with our guidance.
Um, we can probably put our expertise
into the stuff that really matters.
Brilliant. Just to stop on that, on, on that piece
of research with into the risks
and harms that young people face with media content, um,
and excellent work in that space.
And then the media that came off of back of that,
if I look at the list of where that was featured, like it,
it's TV nz r nz, the Post
or good reputable media outlets, none of them particularly
targeted at communicating to young people.
So how, how do you think
your office took responsibility for communicating?
Or did they take responsibility for communicating that?
And if they didn't, who does, who steps into that space?
Has the conversations with the people directly
Affected? I love that you
asked that question
and I gave an extensive interview to Renews.
Um, so you can still find that on their Instagram.
Um, we have a youth advisory panel as well,
and they, um, support us in our decision making on
almost everything, including whether to do the research, how
to do the research, how to launch the research,
and where to start with our resources.
Young people, uh, will tell us that, yeah, it's, it,
it's pretty tough out there,
but I'm not going to tell anyone
because I'm scared of what's gonna happen.
Um, uh, people are going to freak out, take my phone off me
or blame me for looking it up.
And actually what we need is,
are different conversations with adults.
And so their advice to us was to start with the adults.
So we started with parents.
Now we're working on educators and professionals.
Um, one of my staff at the moment is literally in the office
training a group of professionals, including a pediatrician,
um, on the law
and on the research so that they're better equipped
to have these conversations as well.
And then the phase after that is young people,
but it's, um, young people are saying,
it's actually not our responsibility.
We want the adults in the community
to understand what is needed from us.
Yeah. And so, but do you see
that it will be your responsibility in the phasing
that you've identified to have those conversations
or outreach to young people?
Or do you think there's another entity
or agency that would be better equipped?
I, I mean, we have a statutory responsibility to do it.
We have a resourcing limit.
And so the reason that we're actually starting with people
who work with young people is through trying
to democratize our services
and amplify how many people can
have these messages in education.
'cause we simply can't reach all
schools or anything like that.
Um, we work with everybody else in the system though
to make sure that young people can even
have access to this stuff.
But I mean, it really doesn't matter so long as, um,
young people are getting the support that they need. Yeah.
Thank you Melissa. Uh, thank you.
Thank you for the work that you actually do.
IIII, I always sort of bulk at the idea
of the objectual materials you guys have to, uh, see
to make sure that other people are protected from it.
So thank you for the work.
Uh, what I'm interested in is that you talked about
how we should educate the parents
and you know, that's the advice from the youth,
um, world over.
Um, we have classification officers.
What, how much work do you actually do with, um,
you know, other entities?
Because it, it shouldn't be like, you know, like
considering the fact that we've got
so many streaming services
and everything's actually coming from all over the world.
Our, our, our content's actually
moving around the world as well.
So if we actually had one sort of classification
for the world, it would be fantastic.
But what is actually preventing, um, from
that actually happening?
I mean, I see that, you know, I,
I look at your annual re uh, report
and you know, you talk about films
that have actually come in, it's already been classified
overseas and yet you're having to call it in
because there are certain things that are, you know,
considered a little bit more objectionable here in
New Zealand than where it actually was
classified. So what is it?
So there's a couple of answers to that.
Um, we already do adopt international, um, ratings. Exactly.
So if Australia
or the UK has rated something, um,
that doesn't require a restriction, it gets translated.
And so nobody needs to do any work on that.
Second thing is we have a New Zealand standard.
Um, it's pretty similar across the
world for entertainment media.
And so we are really connected with other regulators
around the world on that.
But, um, there's AI now that can show you if you were
to put a this jurisdiction's classification in
and then what would you expect in a New Zealand,
um, classification.
It's slightly different. And that's informed
by our audiences, including young people
and what they wanna be warned for here in, in.
Um, but it's not too different.
So yeah, I mean it is totally possible,
but it's also possible to have a New Zealand standard
and to do that efficiently.
Um, in terms of the objectionable stuff,
we are quite unique in our powers.
Um, the ability for us
to issue a legal determination on a piece
of content is very unique and precious, uh,
because in other countries that would be done by the courts.
Um, we also have a New Zealand standard
and I would say, um, it's pretty high, uh,
for what crosses that line.
Um, so yes, we are connected with others
around the world quite often.
Those that we are connected
with though are online safety regulators.
They have different types of power stores.
So I'm on a global online safety regulators network,
but only as an observer.
'cause I'm not an online safety regulator. So
When you actually, we share those classifications
similarly to Australia and the uk
and we, we already do that.
So does that mean that the work
that you actually do is actually lost less?
Or is it because of the internet, uh,
content you actually do more in that space?
You mean the, like The amount of the classification
and the the, you know, um, work that you actually do
as classification offers?
We are doing more of it. You're doing more
because of that internet. Yeah.
Right. I mean there's just more content out there,
but you know, we are taking it upon ourselves
'cause we can see the value in it. Yeah,
I see that you've actually called something and
because you actually saw communications,
so that's, that's great.
The other question I had was that if someone was searching
for objectionable material, even if it was actually, um,
classified as, you know, you shouldn't go there, whatever.
There are specific people who will actually go searching
for it with VPN, it is possible
that they can find it like that.
Yeah. Sorry, that hurt. I've got a bang bonger.
Uh, so, um, so what do you do about those?
Because I mean, there are specific people
who will go searching for those things
and if you actually put it on a website saying this is
actually banned, there'll be specific people who will go
to those, um, websites to actually find it.
Yep. It's a risk. It's a risk
that when you start talking about this stuff,
people get interested
and we've taken the decision that it's actually not fair
to be a little bit
of paque about people's rights and responsibilities.
4% of the people we surveyed at the end
of last year admitted that they went looking for it.
Yeah. Um, we are not an investigative or enforcement agency.
Um, that would be a question for DIA about the VPNs and,
and how people go looking for it. It's
Very difficult to track them.
We are putting all of our effort into classifying it
so it can get removed.
Yeah. And, and defenders can get held to account.
Great. Thanks. Very good.
Thank you. Just wanting
to dig a little more into the CO stuff and the,
and the self rating structure,
but also given that, um,
well given how big these platforms are, what
do they pay for the service that they get?
And if so, ballpark, what kind of revenue take
do we see as a result?
I can't answer the latter.
Um, they have to pay an annual levy each
of $57,200.
Now that, uh, applies to the eight providers
that are on the schedule to the act.
Um, so it's all the big ones that you would expect.
Um, whether or not they choose to self-rate their content,
only six of those providers choose
to self-rate their content, but they're all obliged
to pay the levy and they're all obliged to,
to display the labels.
So it's about half a million dollars maybe.
Yeah, just under, it's about a hundred thousand. Yeah.
We've just had, um, one provider exit the market.
So that will be, you know, like a 57,000 uh, dollar hit
to an office this big as, you know,
something we'll have to work around. So.
Yeah. Yeah. So do you, how would you
be able to estimate the resource from your office
proportionate to the contribution
that you get through a levy?
It changes over time. Mm-hmm.
Um, so at the start when we are onboarding and training
and checking and approving all their systems
and all that type of thing, the levy wasn't,
was nowhere near enough to fund all of that work.
We had lots of people setting the system up.
It's now humming along BAU
and actually the providers are doing an excellent job
and in the time that they've been running it,
they've self rated more than 88,000 pieces of content,
whereas we would do between five and 700 a year.
Um, so we point the resource towards the ones
that look like they might need a little bit more support
because they're getting things wrong
or we are getting complaints or they've asked for support.
And the ones that are humming along hum along.
So we'd be, look, maybe if we looked at like a 10 year
window, we would see that it's cost neutral
or that, that the levy is in excess
of the revenue
or the, the costs incurred for monitoring
of their self rating system.
So the government, um, last year considered the levy,
it had a revocation date, date
and decided to remove the revocation date, um, with the idea
that the levy would be re um, reviewed in the future.
I don't know in 10 years whether it
would be calibrated right.
But you'd hope so it really depends on
how many providers come onto the market
and how well they're doing.
But you should be able to hit a,
a pretty low resource oversight system there.
Um, the resources, making sure
that there is a New Zealand standard
and that the, um, the providers are meeting it.
We've provided advice into previous, um, policy, uh,
processes that says there's actually things that we have
to do and spend money on
and maintain like a database of all of this stuff
that if you were to grow it into online games, for instance,
it would be a ridiculous thing to spend public money on
'cause it'll be so hard to maintain.
So there are definitely ways to,
to shrink the overheads of that.
But you could argue, given that it top it's top low
or top heavy on work that your office
subsidizes in the introductory phase,
large streaming platforms entering the
New Zealand market. Yeah.
Oh yes. Yeah, I would say that
and it probably spreads out over time.
Yeah. Yeah. Mike,
Thank you. Um,
obviously with the um, up ticket,
uh, harmful content in, you've obviously had to, I guess,
pivot away from putting resources in the entertainment space
to go more to, um,
and you're kind of working within that budget limits.
Do you foresee a point where actually you need
to increase your personnel resources to meet continuing up
to of harmful contents?
Yes. I mean, there's a limit to how much we can do
and it is people, so the new technology will invest in,
hopefully make their jobs a lot easier.
The technology that they're working with now is
coming up 20 years old.
Um, and it just doesn't work for the volumes that we've got.
So, you know, that will make their job easier
and actually take a lot of the content, um, time
with the content, which is horrible stuff.
And I do need to emphasize that we're investing in it
for efficiency, but also to protect the staff
who shouldn't need to look at it 600
times and write a whole lot of stuff.
Um, but there will be a limit that we will reach.
And do you have any idea of when that will happen?
Well, we keep, um, uh, beating our own targets,
but I, I don't know, it will be in the coming years.
Um, and obviously costs for the office continue to increase
re uh, rents and salaries and those types of things.
Um, we recently as a board though,
commissioned New Zealand Institute of Economic Research
to do, um, cost benefit analysis just to make sure
that this is the right thing to be doing.
And, um, we can share the report with the committee,
but at a very conservative estimate, it is a one
to 1.1 return,
but it on a more, um, realistic estimate,
it's every dollar spent returns $2.20 to the community.
So it is a, it's, it's worth investing in.
Um, while we have a fixed budget, we just yeah,
shift the balance of our investment.
And do you use AI for classification?
We don't, um, for a couple of reasons.
Uh, these are legally binding decisions
and someone could go to prison
for 14 years off the back of them.
They're always going to need a human eye on that.
Uh, however, some of the CVO providers might
and if it's generating accurate results against
framework that we expect.
Thank you. We have now actually run outta time.
We, um, grateful to be, uh, for you to have you
with us today and also our really interesting discussion
and we didn't get to touch much on the staff wellbeing,
but I think we can understand from the committee that,
that we, um, are concerned, um, about the staff
and what they have to subject themselves to.
So good to hear that you're taking
that really seriously in the work.
And thank you again for the work that you do.
Yeah, thank you for.